Man. There's a lot of stuff that happened this week, though.
How about Matthew McConaughey on Instagram? Did you see this?
Speaking of Instagram? When people go to my page?
K K K. I mean, dude, you know, you,
you know, I talk, I think I talked about Garth Brooks on the,
I know it's a girl talks about with Christina a lot on their thing about Garth
Brooks, but um, I mean that, it's just a,
where I am. This is another Garth Brooks. I don't,
it's funny, man. These guys get so famous and I think Matthew behind is awesome.
You know, I, I, I love him. He's a great actor. Seems like a cool guy.
It seems like he loves being a guys guy.
It seems like he fancies himself that way. Like, he's just like, Hey man,
I know I'm Oscar winner, but you know me, you know me,
it'd be hard pressed not to find me out in an open field somewhere with some
tall grass, you know? Yeah man, that's just me. I drink,
I drink beer. That's me, him and Jason. Mamoa like, if they hung out together,
it will be like the two most guy he has guys that
they would try to be proven that they're the most guy he has guys,
Jason Mamoa would be like, well, you know, I have an ax and McConaughey.
He'd be like, yeah man, that's funny. Yeah. I have an ax too.
I have a few axes actually am a mobile. I know,
but I made mine and, and, and McCarney would be like, yeah, yeah. That's funny,
man. Yeah. I remember making my axes in the eighties
and I made, um, what was it?
I made a bow and arrow to go hunt. Cause we,
we eat whatever we kill. Yeah. I haven't eaten a meal.
Store-bought man. It's been
since the eighties and then MOAs. I, yeah, I was born.
It was when I was born, but I don't think I've ever eaten a store-bought meal.
Actually. I remember when I was three,
my first word was, uh,
let's kill something and eat it McCarney is like, yeah. Yeah.
I remember that. I remember that I was there. He didn't say that. Did you
know you weren't there because it's in this remote area and then he cuts him off
his idea, that remote area in that Island that, uh,
where we just build everything.
And you want him to see, see me? Um, okay.
Okay. Here we go.
When people go into my page, I want them to see, see me. Um,
but this is my first venture into
sharing myself and my views with the world.
And I'm a little bit nervous about it. Um, because quite frankly, I'm, I'm,
I'd like, I know I wouldn't have a monologue.
I'm not sure I to have the dialogue.
But
first of all, what's this thing that white really white,
successful, famous like, uh, uh,
um,
actors get where they're it's like they say some and just so many people have
been yessing them that they'll do some sh say some and just how laughter it like
Tom cruise and the Oprah thing. Like Tom cruise, is there,
Matthew McConaughey is there like movie stars get there, you know,
they'll just be like you guys hungry and they'll be like, yeah, yeah.
Like what do you want to eat? And I'd be like, I don't know, maybe, uh,
maybe a chicken or something.
And they're like, Oh man, he's still regular. That's what Zack Don Coveo does.
And he's not even famous. He laughs at everything.
We learned that you got to have the dialogue to have the monologue just as you
have to have a monologue to have the dialogue.
Absolutely. So philosopher. Oh.
Come forward to it. I'm looking forward to, uh, sharing who I am with you.
I'm looking forward to seeing if, if who I am translates,
if what I want to share translates, if it tickles your funny bone,
if it makes you think a second, it makes your heart swell up a little bit.
If it makes you take a quiet moment for a walk and go,
I got to check in with the M and E.
Hopefully it does those things with me. Have some fun with it though.
Oh, Whoa, Whoa, dude.
In with the M and the E. Oh, what I mentioned, it's your dad right there.
You'd be like dad,
don't say the M and the E just say me for sake,
dude may makes you want to check in with the M and the E.
Oh wow. So funny man.
Let's again, let's keep the high, not the low I hi.
Oh, that was it.
When people go to my page here, I want them to see, see me. Um,
but this is my first venture into
sharing myself and my views with the world.
And I'm a little bit nervous about it. Um, the whole thing,
because quite frankly, I I'm I'm I'd like, I know I want to have a monologue.
I'm not sure I want to have the dialogue.
But I've learned.
That you got to have the dialogue to have the monologue just as you have to have
a monologue to have the dialogue. So I'm looking forward to,
I'm looking forward to sharing who I am with you.
I'm looking forward to seeing if, if who I am translates,
if what I want to share translates, if it tickles your funny bone,
if it makes you think a makes your heart swell up a little bit,
if it makes you take a quiet moment for a walk and go,
I got to check in with the M and E hopefully all those things.
Let's have some fun with it though. And let's let's again, let's keep the high,
not the low I hi.
Does that mean the high God?
Is that God he's out to lunch? Huh?
He is just eating lunch during that time.
Look at the people who commented Texas football course. They did.
I mean, okay.
Vanessa Hudgens into it. She says,
is that the girl that the young actress girl? Yeah. I'm an idiot. Yeah.
The incarcerated, uh, the rock. Welcome to the gram and happy birthday.
My brother. You know how we do it all off offense. Okay. Well, Oh,
Lincoln commented the comer, the car.
Welcome to Instagram official. Matthew McConaughey, official McConaughey.
We think you'll enjoy the ride. K Reese Witherspoon. Whoo.
Roger Clemens. Jessica chasse. Dane.
It's so funny, dude. These people like
I see people. I like,
like I say, he's amazing, but, that's funny.
Garth Brooks shot that.
Oh my God. It makes me want to check in with the eminent E you mean me?
So rocking.